1. 🩺 **Physicals** - *IMPORTANT 🚨🚨🚨🚨* - Physicals must be completed *prior* to tryouts. Without a physical on file with the Athletic Department, **you will not be allowed to participate at all**. As of the update I got on 7/28, there are still a number of people who do not have a physical on file. There are also several who have a physical from last year that is only good through the end of August. Please be sure to have a physical for the current year so you don't have to miss any time on the court!

2. **🧠 Sway Testing** - Sway testing (for diagnosing concussions) is required. Please have the Sway app downloaded on your phone prior to tryouts as the Athletic Trainers will be conducting the tests during our tryouts.

3. 🏐 **Tryouts** - Tryouts are next week! We will begin Wednesday (8/6) from 3:30-5:30 in the upper gym, and repeat that for Thursday & Friday. We will meet with each player individually during the try-outs to discuss their role for the season. We will be off for the weekend, and then the following week we will be practicing from 3:30-5:30 each of Monday-Friday. I will provide more details and get the calendar caught up by then.

4. 👕 **Gear Store** ­- The gear store is live! Please visit https://jcboysvolleyball2025.itemorder.com/shop/home/ to view the options and place orders. Note that the store will close **Sunday, August 17th!** Orders should arrive 2-3 weeks after that, putting us on track for gear to arrive before regular season conference matches start.

5. 🎊 **Welcome Reception 8/14** - Save the date for a volleyball welcome reception on Thursday August 14th from 6-7:30pm in the courtyard! This will be open to all players (both Varsity and JV) and their parents. Please use the following link to RSVP so that we can get a rough headcount for food: [Welcome Reception RSVP Link](https://forms.anvilor.com/687e4cb570e3e06433d9cc86). I will have this link live through this week.

6. 📆 **Season Schedule** - The game schedule can be seen at the [jcvb-2025-schedule Spreadsheet](https://nam12.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.google.com%2Fspreadsheets%2Fd%2F1QxRKWYYGtcN86sWf0UarQXq_8MCj9bT1Nhuf4YG-6bI%2Fedit%3Fusp%3Dsharing&data=05%7C02%7Ctkutcher%40johncarroll.org%7Ce3e603cd663c4d067d1208ddbd79c1bf%7Cb4216074537745e5881560b494c7dc1d%7C0%7C0%7C638875052836655889%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJFbXB0eU1hcGkiOnRydWUsIlYiOiIwLjAuMDAwMCIsIlAiOiJXaW4zMiIsIkFOIjoiTWFpbCIsIldUIjoyfQ%3D%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=%2FW9HRKrCoaflpyuTOlxwaDfb67%2F6O%2F2gjt65ZMsimW4%3D&reserved=0 "https://nam12.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.google.com%2Fspreadsheets%2Fd%2F1QxRKWYYGtcN86sWf0UarQXq_8MCj9bT1Nhuf4YG-6bI%2Fedit%3Fusp%3Dsharing&data=05%7C02%7Ctkutcher%40johncarroll.org%7Ce3e603cd663c4d067d1208ddbd79c1bf%7Cb4216074537745e5881560b494c7dc1d%7C0%7C0%7C638875052836655889%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJFbXB0eU1hcGkiOnRydWUsIlYiOiIwLjAuMDAwMCIsIlAiOiJXaW4zMiIsIkFOIjoiTWFpbCIsIldUIjoyfQ%3D%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=%2FW9HRKrCoaflpyuTOlxwaDfb67%2F6O%2F2gjt65ZMsimW4%3D&reserved=0"), as well as on my [JCVB iCalendar](webcal://p151-caldav.icloud.com/published/2/ODMxNjYzNjI4NDgzMTY2MyxB8khPlofh0YA_rN2EVTq8GMTyQiDOG3U4v7z2Fqv4NLOo3IFmEnaaa29kPbhcdakGcbsd7cNJJRIYuWVo7pw). I will be keeping the iCalendar up to date with the full practice schedule, and we will be setting up TeamSnap as rosters are finalized.

See you all soon!