1. 🏐 **Tryouts** - It's tryout week! We will be each of Wednesday 8/6, Thursday 8/7, and Friday 8/8 from 3:30-5:30 in the Upper Gym. Please make sure to have physicals submitted prior to tomorrow (see details below). We will meet with each player individually and let them know the status for JV/Varsity roster assignments by the end of Friday. I have notes for those of you who let me know there were conflicts for tryouts. Other than having your physical on file with the school, there is no other registration other than to show up! See you all tomorrow!

2. 🩺 **Physicals** - *IMPORTANT 🚨🚨🚨🚨* - Physicals must be completed *prior* to tryouts. Without a physical on file with the Athletic Department, **you will not be allowed to participate at all**. As of the update I got on 7/28, there are still a number of people who do not have a physical on file. There are also several who have a physical from last year that is only good through the end of August. Please be sure to have a physical for the current year so you don't have to miss any time on the court!

3. **🧠 Sway Testing** - Sway testing (for diagnosing concussions) is required. Please have the Sway app downloaded on your phone prior to tryouts as the Athletic Trainers will be conducting the tests during our tryouts.

4. 👕 **Gear Store** ­- The gear store is live! Please visit https://jcboysvolleyball2025.itemorder.com/shop/home/ to view the options and place orders. Note that the store will close **Sunday, August 17th!** Orders should arrive 2-3 weeks after that, putting us on track for gear to arrive before regular season conference matches start.

5. 🎊 **Welcome Reception 8/14** - Save the date for a volleyball welcome reception on Thursday August 14th from 6-7:30pm in the courtyard! This will be open to all players (both Varsity and JV) and their parents. Please use the following link to RSVP so that we can get a rough headcount for food: [Welcome Reception RSVP Link](https://forms.anvilor.com/687e4cb570e3e06433d9cc86). I will have this link live through this week.

6. 📆 **Season Schedule** - The game schedule can be seen at the [jcvb-2025-schedule Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QxRKWYYGtcN86sWf0UarQXq_8MCj9bT1Nhuf4YG-6bI/edit?usp=sharing), as well as on my [JCVB iCalendar](webcal://p151-caldav.icloud.com/published/2/ODMxNjYzNjI4NDgzMTY2MyxB8khPlofh0YA_rN2EVTq8GMTyQiDOG3U4v7z2Fqv4NLOo3IFmEnaaa29kPbhcdakGcbsd7cNJJRIYuWVo7pw) - we are planning to set up TeamSnap in the coming weeks. I have loaded the full practice schedule in to the iCalendar, and I will be keeping it up to date as things change. Currently, I am keeping JV & Varsity together in one calendar.  If the JCVB iCalendar hyperlink does not work - the link to subscribe is here: webcal://p151-caldav.icloud.com/published/2/ODMxNjYzNjI4NDgzMTY2MyxB8khPlofh0YA_rN2EVTq8GMTyQiDOG3U4v7z2Fqv4NLOo3IFmEnaaa29kPbhcdakGcbsd7cNJJRIYuWVo7pw

See you all tomorrow!