
1. **🚀 MIAA Championship Runner-Ups** - Both our JV and Varsity seasons wrapped up with strong postseason runs! JV traveled to Boy's Latin for the championship match and played one of their strongest games all year, forcing a very competitive 3rd set which ultimately went to BL. Varsity then played a great home semi-final match vs. Curley, winning 3-1 at the hands of great team defense led by Senior Brendan Stewart and Sophomore Tyler Olivi, with an overwhelming attack from senior Middle Hitters Rob Gaines & Matt Wilson. Grabowski, DeReamer, and Culpepper also contributed to the strong attack. The team traveled to MSJ on Friday to face BL in the championship - it was a competitive environment and a strong back-and-forth match that fell in BL's favor. Our Patriots battled til the very last point and finished out a strong season with the program's 2nd championship appearance in 3 years!

2. 🏐 **Season Wrap-Up** - We wrapped up our season after the postseason run with a team dinner Friday night where we honored our seniors and celebrated the strong season - where both JV and varsity made championship appearances, and varsity totaled 128 Aces, 400 Kills, and 66 Blocks across our 16 games. We also honored Jack Grabowski as our Patriot Award winner - Jack along with fellow Seniors & Captains Rob Gaines, Brendan Stewart, and Matt Wilson led a great team and we'll miss them on the court next year! 

3. **🤝 1964 Challenge** - John Carroll is running it's annual "1964 Challenge" fundraising campaign. If you would like to donate, you can designate your gift to JC Boys Volleyball using this link: www.johncarroll.org/1964boysvolleyball - note that **every dollar goes directly to our program!** I hope that you will consider donating as we look to grow our Boys Volleyball Program!

4. **😎 Summer Camp & Offseason Workouts** - There will be several opportunities this summer to get some offseason work in, for new and returning players! Summer camp dates are still being finalized. We will be off for most of the winter, then pick back up with offseason team workouts in late March. More info coming soon.

5. **🗞️ Newsletter Status** - All newsletters can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1miSkNg6bh9swA7m6j9gSECpyjp2-HfSV&usp=drive_fs). If you would like to be taken off the email list, please email me at tkutcher@johncarroll.org the request to do so - no offense will be taken! I'll get an automated unsubscribe button on here soon. During the season there will typically be 1 weekly newsletter communication, with more of a monthly cadence in the offseason.