
1. **🎄 Winter Break Open Gym 12/30 1pm** - I hope everybody had a wonderful Christmas and is enjoying the free time! We will be holding an open gym at JC on Tuesday 12/30, from 1-3pm, where alumni will be joining while home for their college winter breaks. All are welcome to join to get some extra reps and have some fun playing volleyball with our alumni. Coach Tony will be running this (Coach Kutcher won't be back from Florida until January)!

2. 🏐 **All-Conference & All-County Honors** - Shoutout to Senior OH Jack Grabowski, Senior MH Matthew Wilson, and Sophomore Libero Tyler Olivi, who were all selected to All-Conference! Additionally, Jack was selected to All County for Harford County by the Aegis! These players had phenomenal seasons and it is great to have them representing us for these honors - well-deserved! The MIAA release can be found at https://miaasports.net/2025_MIAA_Volleyball.

3. **😎 Summer Camp - July 13-17** - We have finalized the dates for the Boys Volleyball program summer camp! The summer camp will run July 13-17, with two sessions each day. The first session will be a **Beginner Session from 12-3pm**, followed by an **Intermediate Session from 3:30-6:30pm**. The beginner session will be primarily for students entering grades 5-7, and will be introductory and teaching elementary level skills. The intermediate session will be targeted for students entering grades 7-9 who have some familiarity with volleyball. Both levels will start with working on the fundamentals and are great ways to get some extra experience! Current players, this is a great chance to receive service hours! Shoot me an email to my tkutcher@johncarroll.org email address to let me know if you would like to be a volunteer, I will provide more details as we get closer to the summer - but for now I will build an email list of volunteers.

4. **🗞️ Newsletter Status** - All newsletters can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1miSkNg6bh9swA7m6j9gSECpyjp2-HfSV&usp=drive_fs). If you would like to be taken off the email list, please email me at tkutcher@johncarroll.org the request to do so - no offense will be taken! I'll get an automated unsubscribe button on here soon. During the season there will typically be 1 weekly newsletter communication, with more of a monthly cadence in the offseason.